hey doing folks this is Tom down the
Philadelphia Airport or mall for our
family dodge vehicle of the week and
it's a special one guys 2012 Dodge
Charger SXT black top version this thing
is such a cool looking car telling you
it's not gonna last everything's black
cap and the wheels to the exterior paint
to the interior everything's black looks
so cool a limited edition 20-inch black
painted wheels it's got the dual exhaust
body color a spoiler
it's got a power sunroof it's got heated
seats great for the winter time now this
one's an S XT that means s60 comes with
the brand new 3.6 liter Pentastar v-6
engine won a lot of awards but this
vehicle needs to be sitting in your
driveway in order for it to show you
those awards let's go inside the car the
car is locked we have the keys inside
our pocket but we don't even need the
keys to open up the car because check it
out that lock just popped up because
it's got keyless remote entry you don't
even have to touch the button to even
get in the car you don't have to take
the key out of your pocket just get in
the car as long as the keys in your
pocket put your foot on the brake press
the start button cars on such
convenience
it's got an awesome sound stereo on it
like I said it's got heated seats
check out the steering wheel it's got
the controls for convenience paddle
shifters gotta love that like I said
everything's blacked out power sunroof
gotta have that tongues room in the back
or whatever you need it's got the new
8-speed automatic transmission glides
down the road let's take a look back
outside the car
such a sweet looking car it'll look even
sweeter in your garage or in your
driveway the big red bow on top time for
Christmas
you wanna come on out give me a call two
one five four nine two eight six zero
one we got tons of Chargers in stock not
too many like this though this is a
limited edition so this one is
definitely not gonna last like I said my
name is Tom I'd love to help you out I'm
gonna come out give this test drive
their free test drives are always free
my phone number is two and five four
nine two eight six zero one give in to
questions and give me a call or check us
out on the web